Introduction
Section 1
AWS responsibility: Security of the cloud
Customer responsibility: Security in the cloud
IaaS, PaaS, SaaS
Activity: Scenario 1 of 2
Activity: Scenario 2 of 2
Section 1 key takeaways
Section 2
IAM: Essential components
Authenticate as an IAM user to gain access
IAM: Authorization
IAM policies
IAM policy example
Resource-based policies
IAM permissions
IAM groups
IAM roles
Section 2 key takeaways
Section 3
AWS account root user access versus IAM access
Securing a new AWS account: Account root user
MFA
AWS CloudTrail
Billing reports
Section 3 key takeaways
Section 4
Security features of AWS Organizations
AWS KMS
Amazon Cognito
AWS Shield
Section 5
Section 6
Module summary